Mystery show is brought to you by kind snacks kind snacks funds to help you celebrate everyday acts of
kindness spot someone being kind and you can send that person a kind neck.
Wait how is that even possible is what you're asking yourself right now.
Well actually easier than you would think just going to how kind of you dot com slash
mystery to get
started kind of helping you celebrate
kindness from gimlet I'm Starlee kine and this
is a mystery
show
every week I solve a new mystery why the
mysteries that can't be solved online mysteries. You can't solve
yourself was his mum of two small Bobby
Riggs up until now there hasn't been
anyone to help with
this that person is now.
OK
so
what were two words you know about mystery belt buckle.
That is a good title
for that Carson. He knew me even before I was
solving mysteries. That's how far back we go when you have a mystery
you carry it around with you always Usually that happens in your head but in
Carson's case. His mystery fits in the palm of his
hand it's an object that came into his life when he was nine years old in Phoenix Arizona.
There is this kid in our neighborhood named Jimmy Turk who was like maybe a year older than
my brother is to. Years older than me and. He was like a troublemaker
I wouldn't go so far as a calm a bad kid but like you know he had a single mom. So
he could get away with more stuff than me and my
brother because he had to work and so he just had a lot of fun
supervised
time likable affable troublemaker. Yeah good guy
yeah he never really did anything that bad you know it was just like I
remember he had like found a stick of dynamite somewhere and he'd emptied out all the
gunpowder from the stick of dynamite. Supposedly the stick of dynamite was never
seen again about or with the
in one
day he went over to Jimmy's
house and
he showed me this belt buckle that he'd found in the gutter. That was what
he said he went for a walk and found it in the gutter and
it's
beautiful on the front of it there's a chef's hat front and center flanked
by a corkscrew pan of eggs that are
frying in a toaster and the pan
of eggs like eggs are painted you know like very carefully with some kind of
an animal. So they're like yellow and
white and this is the coolest part of
it you ready.
Yeah. That is the toaster.
No yeah there's a tiny tiny switch and if you flick the switch
the toast pops
up. There's a little tiny toast that comes out.
Yeah a little tiny toast like this is big as your pinky nail they have like
a crust and then bread texture on the bread and then you can push them right back down.
It is it is the coolest belt buckle I've ever seen.
Think back to when you were a little kid how badly you wanted to bleed the world that's full of
hidden treasures.
Now imagine taking that belt on.
I was hypnotized. Yeah and you should have
been and I just sat there I think in his bedroom playing with
the for half an hour just popping the toes putting it back to the point where his mom
took him out of the hallway and was like you know Carson love that. Thing so much.
I think you should give it to what he say he says but he gave it to me and uses the
yeah you're right and there's a hymn and you can have that you don't really care about it
like well you know he was like you
Dynamite girl stuff. Why do you get girls in you to you're too
young too young too
tiny obsessed with miniature
toasters
and
every last object comes with a mystery but seems hopelessly impossible to solve
the single glove found in the train the wedding band found on the beach but the
belt buckle was different it came with clues on either side of the
buckle was the
name the name on the for is Hans Jordy H A N
S J O R D. And then the name on the back it says
in appreciation. Bob six B O B S I X.
Hans Jordy Bob six. They were the kind of names the demanded to be etched
in the Silver who was Hans Jordy what did Bob six appreciate him
for Carson as a theory which he inherited from his
that my dad's theory which is funny just because he said it
it stuck with me Bob six is like a cowboy. He's like organize
these
like trail rides for like older guys in their forty's and
then they go on the trail and have breakfast to get drunk in Han's with there's
the cook and he was a blast and they all of them.
Bob six is just wealthy enough that he had this bubble homemade
form.
I started to feel guilty because there's a name on it that I should get
this bill but go back to him or to his kids or
somebody but normally when you find stuff like in you know this stuff. There's dozen thrift
stores that are you know filing a picture next month wedding album and the urge is
not usually to return it. Why have you felt the urge to return it at
all because it's not a it wasn't found in the store it was found in a
gutter the last thing you
know I just thought that it's the right thing to do.
How do you imagine he
lost your job if you do so I will figure it
out
What do you want to
find Hans and Bob six what you want to tell
them. I want to say sorry I didn't get back to you sooner but I mean
do you ever want to spend your leisure time I guess you do.
I would find one Shorty. And Richard buckle to
him even though this case made my stomach hurt a little
the buckle was that rarest of things an object as enchanting
an actuality as it was as a story. What were the chances
that the real life hons
Jordi and the real life Bob
six would be that two I wasn't in the preserving Limousin wonder business
though I was in the mystery solving business and I had my work cut out for
me there are so many gaps to fill in for example I already
knew Honda's position on miniature toasters.
But nothing at all about how he felt about regular night
one
closes Donna. This is my name is Star Lee and I was calling to ask you
a question about an art class that you
teach Do you remember a student named
Hans Jordi.
Oh you are gone. Jordy are marathons joining you
do
this in Don appears I discovered a newspaper idea written ten years ago about
a seaside painting class in San Diego that Donna had taught the class had been
free and it taking place on the beach. Donna gave lessons on how to paint the
horizon included in the article is a group photo showing the
student who had taken the class that day and in that photos caption third from the
left is the name pond. George. So I
called on up to see if her home Georgie with cartoons on
George you know I had I don't know maybe a couple thousand
people come to those classes and I remember hands more than I
remember What do you remember about him
in your letter he was an interesting student.
I didn't like them all I think I was very happy to see him in my class
in the photo accompanying the caption is grainy the students are crouching on
the sand holding their campuses. There's only one man in the photo who I assume
is Hans he's wearing a hat and mere timeless' I know a
disguise when I see one and ask Donna for a better description of
Hans I can see here. I can see his body.
I can see him drawing I can see him sitting in my class. I can hear his voice I
can hear the sound of his voice actors are you seeing the like this
German actors that usually plays like a father Carlo
or like an intro carnage. And he has that kind of a
look I could picture but not a skinny face
guy with a Monaco and main face with a monocle like a rounded face. We go.
No we're all kind of
guy who the monocle was more like Professor Oriel kind of
monocle you know our thing was perfect for that are very good.
If you like
Dr Finkelstein it's
right about Armin Armin you
saw how did you just find that what did you type it.
Look
what in the article the I W. W. W.
that I am the OK I mean look called on.
That's the guy.
This is the guy you were using this guy before I don't think is the guy I think now that you're
seeing him you decided he's a guy but I don't like this guy was in your head.
Click click on the picture where he's sitting behind a
desk sitting behind a desk. OK I'm looking. That's the vibe that Hans that.
Yes You know he has the
demeanor and OK Like there's one with him with the
wife the new cold is coming the
wife came in look at the killing the wife picture E.-S. right. This man
very classy
looking and I remember he was fatherly and borrowing and
here's this guy and he's an athlete has
thing that's true he is matching up to what you're saying the guy.
Thanks
to Donna I now had a description of Hans
Doherty conjoin he was Swiss
German on short he was
memorable on Shorty with greatness on Avalon and robbed of his Oscar in the film
Shine but I still didn't know what accounted for
the shaft on the
buckle it couldn't just be random.
I asked Ana if her Hanta been a chef.
She said she didn't know because she hated to
cook which I had to admit was air tight logic.
I'd have to decipher this clue some other way I did my first witness goodbye.
Any time you come to California in the mail and I meet somewhere and I'll
actually show. You had to do sense really hard. Sounds like
that over the phone without the visuals that go with it
I appreciate that I never know I want to know how to feel horizon
where we're gonna. One thing that you can do is if you have a.
This Hold
it right on your nose. What you see is above the pen and that's what you
see and then and then the Panopticon could go out there or something
and then took your whole head down so that you
say the pen from the bottom. You know. Of the
line and with the glass up so that you think about the
band you would have gotten
that I'd like you're telling me a new way of seeing whether glass is half full or half
empty half. This is going to
change everything for
me
my
next
lead. I found on the food
blog called The Faded epicure on April fourteenth two thousand and ten the
sated epicure had written about a meal he'd had to walk a long ago memory from his
earliest days as a cook
post said quote In one thousand nine hundred sixty. I was on my internship at a casino in Lake
Tahoe and tasted my first classical beef dobe prepared a chef on
Jordi at sixty six chef pond was so
tall they had to take a chef hat off to walk around the
kitchen his stride was wider than the wingspan of a small aircraft and he
spoke as fast as he
walked and loved a chef
so tall that he grazed the ceiling with a stride wider than
the wingspan of a small aircraft
that's the language. To describe a superhero not a human man could it be
possible that the real life hons Jordi with even more fantastic than the
one Carson had imagined as a kid maybe I wasn't preserving when the in
wonder business. I rotated epicure and told him we had to talk.
I was nineteen when I first met Hogg in walks this
guy fifty years old starched perfect chef
whites and he takes us running through the main kitchen with these
eighty gallon steam kettles going with soups and stocks all these various sauces
and chowders things happening all at once people dicing and chopping and noise and steam
and he disses the main
kitchen boom and then he swings back through the stairway and he's taken
two or three stairs at a time he's flying and we're tripping down the stairs behind him all seven
of us bumping into each other and I'm like oh my gosh he's at least twice my age and I
can't keep up with the
guy twice. Well everything
twice as fast in the kitchen and twice as capable of putting out two thousand dollars a pop twice is
capable of standing on his fetal two in the morning on a twenty hour shift twice is capable
about being in the next morning at four like nothing ever happened twice is capable of having a
spotless white Jeffco while I was covered from head to
toe and I know that sounds a bit overboard
but it's the truth.
My stomach was hurting again faded kept bringing up conscious chef
white how perfectly starched and spotless sale is where it was hard for me to
imagine Carson's buckle fitting into then sambal I tell faded about
the buckle and describe for him the panic bags the corkscrew the toaster pops
up when you hear that does that sound like
Hans it jogged a memory in my mind of
us seeing him for the first time in civilian
clothes back then when you got your paycheck. They. Put
three drink tokens in your paycheck. So we're sitting at the bar after getting our
paychecks consuming our three free drinks when we see
hogs
and it's like reverse Superman. You know quite Kent coming out of the booth After
changing into his
regular attire. We didn't recognize him at first remember saying
to burn him Mike. That's
Hans that is not Mike I swear to god that Tom's Watch he's going
to walk toward us. He's in this this white sort
of that's me
looking Sure he's got CA boy's boots and jeans
and he walks towards us kind of nods and keeps going and I
said oh my God he's a Swiss
cowboy
you ever see him again in plain clothes
no never know there's a reason I saw him then and it's thirty years later that I
know why we didn't catch him coming out of that door that one time I would have
been no use to you in that
county funny had nothing to do with it was
Satan destined to be a clear that help me solve my mystery is that really how fate
works but was that simply how drink coupons work in
faded life that actually wasn't the only time Fate had converged with
Hans I was in a situation where we were we were running out of tuitions money.
I come from a working class family. Nobody ever went to college. Either I
get scholarship money to continue or I need to withdraw from college. We had
nothing left we had nowhere to go.
In order to get the scholarship faded had to get an A from Hans he didn't tell Hans about the
scholarship or financial problems at all and he didn't hold out much hope of getting into
a Hans seemed to
be. So perfect and everything that had very little tolerance for the limitations
of mere
mortals still faded had to try. He worked so
hard after two months faded returned home knowing he was a better
chef but doubtful that he was still a college student he met with his advisor who
told him Hans had given him an A
even his advisor was surprised he told faded hons never gave A's.
I was told in June that I had gotten the A and that I had received a full
scholarship including housing for the following year went back so happy in
September when a new batch of teaching assistants started my wife to be was in that group.
So if you might not have met her if you hadn't gone back to
school I would never of matter that's the whole point. It's one of those either
or events in life that we experience every day you either get it all or you get nothing.
This one I want. I got the it
happened. That's my point and I didn't just meet my wife she's my soulmate. I
mean like really unusually great marriage.
If I hadn't earned
a that could have never happened. However there's no way.
You know. Hans was that that
piece
my conversation with Satan had filled out my profile hons quite
nicely on Jordy was a cowboy slash
F slash superhero slash manipulator of space and
time
and while we're on the subject of space and
time faded hadn't seen or spoken with Hans since his internship
ended that was in one thousand nine hundred seven. I needed more reason and
tone which came to me be a message board posting on a site
called Web food Pros dot com the subject heading of the. Message was
this looking for Hans
Jordi
the message with one thousand nine hundred eight and it been posted by a man named chef Carr who
wrote Swiss chef Hans Jordi has been missing from my address book for
years I searched online and he doesn't exist
there help exclamation point
please exclamation point. I stared at the
message suspiciously. I was looking for Hans
GA How many belt buckles had this guy
lost
when Hello.
I found a chef Karl who owns a restaurant in Houston and called him
up. We were all working in the Biltmore Hotel. I started in sixty two
there and he was the sushi chef that I mean actually it was the style
that the
first chef call new hands and they were both starting off a chef
and cooking at one of the swank is joint in Phoenix the Biltmore Hotel and so you guys were like
really
close really close we were all European crew
that's why you know the stock to get. You still like on the song the
nights when they were finished work and there was much time around nine
o'clock and. The whole crew actually went up to a bowling
alley undeliverable until about three or four o'clock in the morning.
All at the start of war and they like walk in the morning.
Was he a good bowler you have some good games and then you have some lousy especially when it's
a New
Year's chef Carl's looking for one Jordy posting had been a
bust it didn't help him find
Han's mainly this had to do with Chef Karl never logging on to the site again if
he had he would have seen. This comment from a man named Schaeffer ne Hi Carl.
I know Hans last time I saw him he was working for a hotel in Scottsdale Arizona.
You should call Bob
bland. I read shepherdess message to Chef Karl over the phone he knew
Bob land and agreed he was a good
lead robber land in the sixty's he wants the
vegetable oil and he's still so more
incentives eating they could tell
you let's contemplate for a moment the name Robert Plant.
What kind of name was that for a chef.
No wonder he had to use a pseudonym. I pulled out my notebook and
wrote Bob bland equals Bob six
period when the question Did Bob bland have a nickname.
They just on
Bobby I added a hook above the period so that it became a question
mark anywhere little with you one thing. OK And maybe I might use some of this on
the show but never.
Meanwhile my phone with blowing up with text from my client wanting an update.
I'm kind of too interested for Smalltalk to be just my job
and I mean yeah. The feeling that I can talk about these days anyway. So what you
want to know whose hands You're already. He's a chef also the
great chef with the soul of a cowboy. That's what my dad thought I know
your dad was right.
Oh and I I know Bob Six's was Bob six.
He's a man named Bob land. Oh wow and what does he do. He's a chef.
So does Bob blame to go by Bob six just because Bob Bland is the worst name for a chef.
Maybe I don't know why he goes by Bob sick
yet but I knew how I'd find out. Carl had told
me that Bob land still lived in Phoenix and sure enough I discovered there was even
a competition called the Robert Plant colon
Isilon put on by a Phoenix calling area so she. On its website with the page that listed all
its members had made donations to one hundred the
names for the top of the first column I
planned
short the association had a board meeting coming
up it could not
be more clear when I had to do it was time to return
to where it came
from Looked like I was going to Phoenix.
Let's take a quick
break
support
for
mystery show. Such as the kind dark
chocolate bar which brings me to this week's installment of the ingredients.
I made
except little kids can't pronounce cinnamon. I mean as I can say one
like three or four quintessential kids can't say words cinnamon comes to mind.
So we just have kids trying to save for thirty
seconds. Send them
in
hard
word or an easy word even three years old.
Firetruck the kind you can stay tuned for the
next installment of the ingredient list. And do the kind thing for your
world and
that support for mystery show also comes from square
space a quick and easy way to build your website blog or online store in fact
you'll be able to build it so quick going to have all this extra time on your hands. You're not going to know what to
do it so suggestion as to how to spend that time living as though you're about
to fly off to
Paris or someplace like that at any moment stay out too late every night.
So as to every morning really be able to feel that stress along with missing your flight. You should keep
a travel
bag pre-packed full of stuff that you would have just frantically thrown in there like
a full bottle water to guzzle down a baggage check but no bottles of shampoo
conditioner so maybe throw in a bunch of toothpaste kept aloof and rolling around
in there and most importantly don't forget to forget to renew
your passport or Squarespace that come and start a free trial today with intuitive and easy to
use
tools sites like professionally designed. Regardless of skill level. No coding
required make sure to use the offer Code mystery to get ten percent off your first
purchase Squarespace build it
beautiful and we're back. Did you miss
me here is a plan. I was to fly to
Phoenix to return Honda's buckle to him but before I could do that I
needed to get it from the person who kept it safe for all these years in a
special place where you call it the job. I was trying to be
a polite person go through the hall
closet and comes back with a large tin.
I'm going to drop the good stuff at the bottom. Much
like your theory
about how hands got the buckle Carson storage system for it came from his dad
to my dad he had these like junk collections when he was a kid that has now
become our junk collections that are just. Like
every tiny object that we book accumulated through our
youth in other words it's a scrap bucket.
That's in the lens Castle those are arcade.
That's from homecoming making ninety
six heifers girlfriend's underpants. This was all you had a rose.
She gave belt buckles definitely the crown jewel.
Well obviously it was in the bottom of the scrap bucket after all
how do you feel about letting it
go fine with that.
Yeah I mean I think the part of me that wouldn't be OK with that is like a part of
me that I want to
kill it wasn't made for me you
know it's the hardest belt buckle. I've had it for twenty seven
years time. Yeah I think it's time I can't
wait
I
slip the buckle and my backpack on the flight to Phoenix. I keep the bag on my lap.
The whole
time and even then check constantly that the buckle still in there.
After all these years it be so like me to lose
and
I'm
at fortieth Street and Calibra this is where the buckle is found by
Jimmy
Turk the Phoenix calling Area Association meeting. I was hoping Bob six would be
at it wasn't for another day.
So in the meantime I decided to pursue another of the buckles
mystery how it. Asked it maybe I'd get lucky and spot
an obvious clear
by like a belt buckle factory.
Hey
why just walk around the corner I'm looking at Dental specialty. Yeah and I'm looking at a
cupcake
place.
OK.
I didn't know exactly what to expect Colonel Jimmy Turk would be like.
But at the very least I thought he treat me with a little stick of dynamite in his hand.
Instead he was trying to keep his voice at a whisper. So as not to wake a sleeping
daughter Emily less so mommy that Darley say hi.
In retrospect he probably wasn't talking to
me I wonder if I could pull in that they're just
parked in cars and version. Jimmy had found the buckle in
the gutter which to me had made its own sorta sense like a gutter is where lost
or unwanted things wash up.
Instead we're standing on a sidewalk next to a busy four way intersection on the
outskirts of Phoenix subdivision who would have thought an object this
unique could be found on the street this aggressively familiar.
I don't know where I was going or what I was doing but were coming down and just happened to see
it like
right right over by the bushes right over here I remember just
walking
around and.
Finding the right are right next that wall there by the bushes close to the wall closer to
the wall than the sidewalk.
Yeah. Definitely Jimmy hasn't seen the buckle since that Dana's room when
he gave it to
Carson and
sure. This post.
Will be interesting to know
if he remembers where he
left he will know exactly where he left it because if you know you lost something and thought
was back and that he did. Go back and I had already found it. Oh wow what
if you could just missed each
other if Jimmy had walked by any other moment instead of the
buckle he would have just found some Swiss guy who young around in the gravel just like a
faded hadn't been in that bar that night I wouldn't have known Honda's a
cowboy a matter of fact house right
here right try to show off and do a backflip but
I had my shield and I had some stitches when I was a
kid and then that telephone pole down there. I jogged
in to dry and teach my grandpa how to jog and I drove right into a telephone pole so that I have
two sets of stitches couple questions here.
How do you teach someone to jog wide and Jimmy grandpa already know how to jog
and my grandpa. My dad my uncle and I we all have
two sets of stitches about Archon
what is a scar in the same place person you told your dad you got
so when he saw your chin did he say like the family line continues.
What is it with his belt buckle and
fate
and
I
head
to my next point.
I've arranged to meet chef and the chef who answered chef calls Querrey a web
food
proto we're meeting in an Italian restaurant that is known for having the best
pizza in the country like it's not just people in Phoenix.
But chef Renee is waiting for me
out he recognizes me because of my microphone and I recognize
him because the twinkle in ally of someone who is about to help
me break this case wide
open the order to show people
appalled the sheet of paper when I printed out his webpage Pros dot com comment which brought me
to
Phoenix. Yes this
is Chef Rene doesn't remember writing the
post and has no idea who chef Carlists none of
which have deterred him from meeting with me.
Apparently helping people who are looking for Hondas Jordi is just sort of His
thing was at nineteen I think seventy six when Americans.
What was what what's what Tom's
like here because
we're Shepherd A is from
Ecuador by way of Germany. He was part of a sort of mass migration
of European chef to the American Southwest in
the fifty's and sixty's. You know when I came to this country
in sixty nine and landed in Houston
Texas a Kosovo's because we
have cars and I
work hard to support their tax break or to
see car was there with you colleagues down the runway
a horse would be coming
for by now I've grown accustomed
to stories of haunted in the past when I'm not used to it what
Schaeffer tells
me that maybe tomorrow we get the ships me the baby of
the boat
with the ship
meeting
on the BE THERE.
OK OK OK I've got a lot of planning to be
shepherding says at the meeting tomorrow to pretend not to know so as not to tip
on boss.
I tell him that I want Hans know I'm looking for him.
That's the whole point Shefrin a give me a look like Don't
worry he can keep a secret.
So
I
needed to manage the president sends me great questions.
But back in the day the corner Association of Arizona's gatherings took
place in elegant hotels and resorts where the chefs worked there were
fancy spread multi-course dinners five ice sculptures. Now the
meetings are held pretty much wherever the association can call in the
favor works well over a bridge where there's offices.
This is not the place is there when the host country clubs
sells one
of about a dozen chefs are gathered in the conference room. I take
a seat next to a man who looks to be in his late sixty's a
great height to toss if anybody has.
The name of a pastry chef. But would like to work
for a big company you know
accent German This had to be high and I'd finally
found him not being able to work. I look over at the man
and smile
shyly You know what you would like to do is
recognize the members they said the most is the club. Now wait a minute.
This is a whole different guys around to behave A didn't have
to go on this. And then it's gone right.
I was suddenly kneedeep in elegant European chef's hands
Jordi could've been half the men there. My hand shoots up. It's a question I do have
a question about a particular chef. In Arizona who might be a member think.
Hahn's Jordi do you guys know here we are told he was one of the
old guard. Oh yeah sure sure hons
Jordi no one here to find hand wasn't at the meeting after all but a lot of
these guys had seen him not too long ago on his birthday he had
a big birthday party. What was his birthday to
seven eight.
His wife invited. People he didn't know
about
it so why don't you people the Old Spice guy you know they know how to party
and how long have you known
him in the US You
know I mean every year infant daughter wants to go
to their
detention. One day it's time
to do what we all shuffle to another room. I hear my name
called out. It's Chef Rene. He saved a seat for
me so much for a plan that was really his place to pretend like we didn't know
each other Shefrin a start pointing to different shops telling me when
it's I'm not interested in hearing about anyone under the age
of sixty who fear most
to jeopardize his office. If there is a driver home with a
Peter Peter you know.
Oh really. Oh already talk to him See if you have a nickname.
If I had a mustache. This is when I went well
at the meeting
and in the group of older shaft head to the back to load up on free condoms.
I make mine for you Bob bland. Yes my name Starlee
you know her name Hans joy. Yes
yes all human life. We work together in the at the
Biltmore he is my roomie but we live in door back
in sixty one fifty nine one hundred sixty nine
sixty sixty one. I'm known him since
and what sounds like
probable
swift as the Renee
says for the higher being a chef with your last name plan
or tell me about. Do you have any
nicknames you have ever called Bob
sick
all along I've been sure to Bob land with Bob
six as I was getting closer to one side of the ball. It seemed I was
getting farther from the
other
Schaeffer
knaves
arranged to have mean hons meet up at his house he even found an old belt buckle of his own to wear for
the occasion he has a horse head on it made out of pieces of
turquoise color map. Here it cannot my voice read it was.
The somebody from New York that was interviewing you and say I cannot tell you what's all
about
but and being on that Shepard wife
Gloria if it was me I say who
go oh now those are good questions. I
need to remember them on the next
case. He's probably coming in the second right. Chef and I can't sit still he keeps
looking out the window to see if you can spot on this
car that the guy says course good on disposed to be there at five
thirty at five thirty one. Renee take that his cell phone and call them.
OK Bye bye. I'm excited.
Yeah this is something that wasn't wasn't in our program
today and at five thirty two. He's here.
Hi How are you. Hans Jordy walks through the
door.
I'm sorry.
Sally this is all going to be cleared up very soon.
Hans is exactly as everyone has described but he's tall and lean if I had to
sum him up typical Swiss OK so here we go
back to chef and I've got him. There's a table and chairs a little parakeets
taken from a
kettle the pond sits down and everyone turns to
him expectantly. I pull out the case with a buck on the side.
I have something I
think that I think belongs to you and your hands Jordi right.
I man story. And what would you like to know people
you know so much for let me give you this back first.
You know what's in it. No I don't know.
Oh. Yeah. Oh
my God.
Wow How did you find this this is this was yours.
Yes yes I see him my name is on it you
know that I found you DO YOU REMEMBER WHEN YOU
losses we had we had a break in
the house. Stolen from you. Yes You know I even
went to some pawn shops. To
look for it but I knew I probably never could find it
again and
top
six
he gave me
that. As a present. Yeah that's
special made. Yeah he
was.
Turns out. Bob six ran Continental Airlines for fifty years.
He was married at the mermen and then later to Audrey
Meadows who played
Alice in the days
when they never took a flight without one
another Bob six ancestors were from Holland where they
are in the sixteenth century a struggling
artist on some of his
work and never came back to reclaim it.
And that's how the six is the largest collection of original Rembrandt in
Europe
six of pals with John Wayne and kept a collection of six
shooters to unwind practices
Fastrack he loved gimmicks and
stunts seventy's he hired
magicians and Playboy bunnies and baseball players to entertain the passengers on
flight too short to show movies. He once received as a
gift a
little jaguar cub Continental pilot Bob
six Name the cub with him to work with him.
Continental
went on a ranch in
Wyoming Han's Jordi was the chef.
You know that was one hundred fifty. Cooks for
a long long day they had
actually six meals a day. And practice lunch in
their dark afternoon snack
midnight snacks sleepless
nights. Are the times every year for for ten years ten
summers. So in appreciation he may test for
me meant I had to have a farewell dinner.
There he was so. He was on the head table of a donut a bunch of big
rakes he was he was big shot
just compare to
me on ten. He called me out and.
I
always wondered why a
puppy who took it and if it so going
to be found.
Temple leave it. Thank you.
You'll
be messages to my friend who had it the whole time.
Yeah I want to I wanted to thank thank him for being honest about
it you know and it's a back.
I wish him
well he always felt bad that he had it but he didn't know how to
find you. The only thing he guess he thought you were a chef any thought you were
a
cowboy
chef and a cowboy. I was lost then
because at the ranch I worked on we had one hundred fifty Christian
to had twenty thousand head of
cattle riding horses and most every day and
chasing cattle around.
It's
getting
dark out we go inside and have dinner Honduran
a reminisce about the old days.
Hans ke. Taking out the buckle and staring at it shaking his
head and he and his wife Peggy head home. I
help her name Gloria clear the table.
Are you setting to be sad that the mysteries over now.
We all agree Case closed
right through the ending. Are you
going to lose.
I know use a little bit of theater because he said he
believes
the
mystery
show is produced by me Alex Bloomberg when the shops and an Eric
metal producing help. Chris Neary and Wendy door you like Horowitz
is contributing editor.
Thanks to John De Lor and Matt Lieber white dove made the
original score for this episode closing song by Emmy the
great opening song by sparks Arthur Jones never get tired of
your logo. Thank you to Larry Lewis and to our littlest helpers
Zazi Calvin's Samira Winona and
Leo I also wanted to say that if you haven't heard the great shows start up
and reply. We have less in common than I thought find them now on i Tunes
or gimlet Media dot com. And congratulations Mr
Wilbur's whoever you really ARE YOU were the first to get the Honeymooners
clue from last week's show or at least the first tell me about
it
next week
square Think it
over
yourself.